Add sample code to retrieve IDs for permissions (#12136)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/permissions-reference.md

}
```

## Retriving Permission IDs

> If you need to set up permissions using the Azure CLI, PowerShell or infrastructure as code frameworks like Terraform etc, you are likely going to need the ID for the permission you want to use instead of the name. This can be retreieved using the Azure CLI by running `az ad sp list`. However, this generates a very long list, and it can be hard to find the specific permission you want. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to set up permissions using the Azure CLI, PowerShell or infrastructure as code frameworks, you might need the identifier for the permission that you want to use instead of the name. The identifier can be retrieved using the Azure CLI by running `az ad sp list`. However, this generates a very long list, and it can be hard to find the specific permission you want. If you already know the name of the permission you need, you can run the following command using the Azure CLI:
```

> If you already know the name of the permission you need, you can run the following command using the Azure CLI

Reviewer: Combine with the previous paragraph.

Author: Fixed

```bash
az ad sp list --query "[?appDisplayName=='Microsoft Graph'].{permissions:oauth2Permissions}[0].permissions[?value=='<NAME OF PERMISSION>'].{id: id, value: value, adminConsentDisplayName: adminConsentDisplayName, adminConsentDescription: adminConsentDescription}[0]" --all
```

> This will retrieve the id, admin consent display name and admin consent description in a format like this

Reviewer: The response of the command should be similar to the following example, which contains the description, identifier, display name, and permission name:

Author: Fixed
